<h2>My Account</h2>
<h1>Images needed</h1>

To access My Account click on Management> My Account
Login Options

How do I change my connexcs login password?

 

    Click on Setup> My Account My Account
    Click on Login option
    Click Change Password Change Password
    Enter you old password and New password in the respective fields.
    Click Save

How to Enable Two Factor Authentication?

    Click on Setup> My Account
    Click on Login option & select Two Factor Authentication. Login Option
    Click on Enable TFA. Enable TFA
    Download any Authenticator application on your mobile phone. example: Google Authenticator.
    Scan the image which is on connexcs using your mobile application
    Enter the Two Factor Authentication code generated by your application after you login.

Note: You need to enter the unique code each time you login on connexcs.
CDR Fields

CDR fields helps you select the desired options, which in turn can be accessed from CDR section to either view/download.

    Click on Setup> My Account
    Click on CDR Fields.
    Mark the fields which you wish to access it from cdr.
    Click Save.

Domains

You can create your card domains which can then be pointed to your own portal.

Example:

    portal.mydomain.com,
    cdr.mydomain.com

Customer Portal with CNAME record

How do I setup my custom domain and CNAME record? * Sign in to your domain's account at your domain host. * Locate the page for updating your domain's DNS records. The page might be called something like DNS Management, Name Server Management, or Advanced Settings. * Locate the CNAME records for your domain & point it towards portal.connexcs.com

Example
Name / Host / Alias 	Time to Live (TTL) 	Record Type 	Value / Answer / Destination
portal.mydomain.com 	600 	CNAME 	portal.connexcs.com

    Add a CNAME record with the correct values for your desired use case.
    Save your changes and wait until they take effect.
    Once done with above steps, login to your connexcs control panel
    Click on Setup> My Account> Domains> Add New
    Enter the subdomain and select the user access area and click save.

CDR Export

CDR Export lets you export all the CDR's from the system to the remote FTP Server. The export frequency can be set as per the requirement, can be either daily, weekly or monthly basis.

 

How to add CDR's Export?

    Click on Setup> My Account> Export
    Click on Add New.
    Enter the host IP address.
    Enter the host username & Password.
    Select the protocol.
    Select the subject matter.
    Select the fields you wish to be exported the ftp server
    Select the file downloadable format.
    Select the frequency depending upon your requirement.
    Click Save Login Option
